I'm not going to sugarcoat things it's
not super fun for most people to be on
Instagram right now views are at an
all-time low reach and engagement and
growth are also really tough to come by
these days in fact according to a recent
study 70% of people say that their views
have significantly decreased over the
last few weeks so I want to begin
today's episode by telling you that you
are not alone and that for pretty much
everyone it's tough sleding right now on
Instagram it's really tough sleding on
pretty much every social media right now
and I say that just so that we can have
real IC expectations for our account our
views our reals and all of that I don't
think it's fair to judge yourself
compared to anyone else or even to judge
your own post performance right now in
the second half of 2024 to let's say
2022 or 2023 the social media
environment the political climate the
algorithms were totally different at
that stage and so of course the views
and the engagement is going to look very
different as well now there are numerous
reasons why views are down right now and
the majority of them are outside of our
control there is significant amount of
AD spend going towards the election here
in the US and that is definitely bogging
down the feed and so if you want
something to look forward to I believe
that in November and December of 2024
and heading into 2025 views should
hopefully come back a little bit and the
overall algorithm should improve but
even more than the current political
cycle I think that what we're really
facing all of us on social media right
now outside of even just Instagram is
kind of a bubble that has been created
since 2020 in 2020 Tik Tok burst onto
the scene gaining hundreds of millions
of users and shortly after that
Instagram released Instagram reals which
while it wasn't a new app a totally new
format for Instagram and so it was kind
of like a new Fresh thing similar to Tik
Tok and so from 2020 through really most
of 2022 and even into 2023 on both Tik
Tok and on Instagram people were
experiencing massive growth the same
thing was happening on YouTube shorts
and even Facebook as Facebook rolled out
faceb Facebook reals people were
receiving inflated amounts of views and
engagement for a few reasons number one
this was new features new kinds of posts
or new apps Al together and so the
algorithms wanted to really make sure
that the average person was getting
hooked that we were getting addicted and
that we were using and consuming content
regularly also if we look at the amount
of people creating versus consuming from
2020 through most of 2023 the imbalance
is really in favor of the consumers that
is to say there were way more people
consuming content than creating content
and all of this has led to somewhat of a
bubble being created people getting
inflated abnormally high amounts of
views and followers and growth and
thinking that that's the norm or that
should be their expectation when in
reality they were kind of just in this
golden age of short form video content
and so now in 2024 and even heading into
2025 we have more people creating
content than ever before and the average
person who is creating content is
creating more content than ever before
so if you just think of it in terms of
Basics supply and demand our supply has
significantly increased the output of
content has significantly gone up but
the demand hasn't necessarily increased
and in many cases it's even decreased
it's decreased because people are out in
the world again compare your average day
in 2024 to your average day in say 2020
and I bet you're spending a lot less
time on your phone or at least a lot
less time scrolling through social media
there have also been so many campaigns
and mov M ments and so many studies done
about the effects that social media has
on our mental health and well-being and
so and I think this is a good thing if I
can add my own personal two cents here I
think a lot of people are spending less
time on social media and they're trying
to figure out how to consume less and
spend less hours each day scrolling
through social media and the final thing
that has thrown off the imbalance of
supply and demand is advertising in the
first few months and first few years of
Instagram reals advertisers were
definitely using reals but they weren't
using them and promoting on them and
running ads the way they are today
similarly there are way more ads on Tik
Tok especially if you consider the Tik
Tok shop ads there's just way more
businesses that are spending money to
pay for our reviews which in the
algorithm's eyes will oftentimes be
weighted more heavily than just us
organically posting trying to get views
so all this means it's tougher than ever
before to get views but it doesn't mean
it's impossible in fact in just the last
month I have had three videos that have
reached over 1 million people one of
them is closing in on 10 million views
on Instagram reals and from that I've
gained about 15,000 followers so yes it
is absolutely still possible to go viral
and even outside of going viral and
reaching millions of people it is
absolutely still possible to reach your
current followers and to grow new
followers and to get more views than
you're currently getting and so that is
exactly what we're going to be covering
in today's
episode specifically I'm going to be
sharing with you a 10-step formula that
you can follow that will start before
you even press post and will end shortly
after you press Post in order to help
your reals get the most views possible
now is doing everything on this list
absolutely necessary no you can have
videos go viral with doing nothing on
this list but considering the
circumstances and considering the time
we are in if you're a business owner or
a content creator or you're trying to
grow a brand on Instagram you should
probably be doing everything in your
power to get the most amount of views
possible especially if you're creating
content that took a lot of time or it
took a lot of money or energy to create
you don't want that to go to waste and
of course I don't think it's totally for
Waste if it doesn't get views but it's
worth a lot more and it's a lot valuable
and the payoff is a lot greater if you
are getting the views that you feel you
deserve and so that's what we're going
to be talking about today I'm going to
share with you this 10 step system to
maximize your views and this doesn't
guarantee that your videos are going to
go viral if you do want to learn a
little bit more about going viral I'll
link up a video maybe up here or down in
the show notes below um about that we
did just a few weeks ago about how to go
vir viral I did an in-depth study of all
of my viral reels and I broke down the
elements that was in each of those reels
so if virality is your goal definitely
check that out but by no means is
today's episode a guarantee of going
viral instead this is going to be a step
by- step to getting more views than you
would otherwise and like I said this
formula starts before you even press
post there are some things you can do to
kind of get your audience and get the
algorithm ready for that upcoming post
so let's get into it the first thing
that I'm going to recommend that you do
is spend time thoughtfully engaging with
other popular accounts or other
collaborators in your Niche now the
exact amount of time that you can spend
is up to you the more time you have of
course the more time you can spend
engaging but if you have let's say only
10 minutes available and you want to
really maximize those 10 minutes I would
spend about four or five minutes
thoughtfully engaging with other people
in your Niche now there's a few keys
that I kind of want to break down in
this point first and foremost
thoughtfully engaging it doesn't mean
that you're just scrolling through and
liking every post that you see it
doesn't mean that you're leaving some
generic comment that says love this or
looks great instead you're watching
People's videos from start to finish
you're reading their caption and you're
leaving a thoughtful response you're not
telling people hey I made a new post
come check it out or hey I I I post
about the same topics that this guy does
so you should follow me you're not
siphoning and trying to steal followers
you're leaving thoughtful engaged
comments showing that you are a true fan
and supporter of other people in your
industry if you want to see what this
looks like check out any posts that I
make because you'll see whenever I press
posts there are always a bunch of other
Instagram experts who are leaving
thoughtful comments on my page they're
usually multiple sentences and they're
adding on or they're sharing their own
opinion or they're asking me a question
they're thoughtful and you can tell that
that person has taken the time to
consume my content and think about it
and then write a comment and like I said
you're leaving these thoughtful comments
on other people's Pages who are in your
nich short industry you're not leaving
thoughtful comments on Kim Kardashian's
latest selfie you are leaving thoughtful
comments on other people's Pages who are
in the same field or at least a similar
field or industry to you hopefully this
trains the algorithm to show them who
your ideal audience is what Niche you
are a part of and maybe this is a maybe
this is not the goal but hey if this
happens as a byproduct this is a win
maybe someone is going to see your
thoughtful comment and they're going to
be curious to learn more about you and
they're going to click on your page
Maybe thoughtful comment is going to be
so insightful or so funny that the
original Creator is going to respond to
it or laugh or even pin it on their own
post and then you're going to get a lot
more likes on that comment and a lot
more eyeballs and potential visitors to
your page again we are not trying to
intentionally siphon off followers or
steal people away from your competition
we are trying to thoughtfully engage
with their account and if people see
your thoughtful comment and they want to
check you out hey no harm no foul so
that's the first thing you're going to
do the second thing you're going to do
is you're going to thought not fully
engage on your own account this doesn't
mean that you're going to go back to
your own posts and comment on your own
posts but what it does mean is you're
going to go back to your old posts and
look for comments that you may have
missed because the people who are
commenting on your post those are your
most engaged followers those the people
that are so close to becoming customers
if they're not customers already so go
back through some of your recent posts
and just see are there any comments that
you missed and I truly mean any comments
even if someone left just like a heart
eyes emoji reply and say thank you you
even if someone just put a laughing
emoji laugh back and say thanks for the
laughing face or whatever just respond
to every single person no response is
too small when you're trying to build a
community and you're trying to build a
really engaged group of followers so
respond to everyone and if you can also
ask a follow-up question it's not always
going to be possible but whenever it is
possible ask people a genuine follow-up
question to their original comment
because the idea here is that this gets
the conversation going and maybe it will
lead to a follow-up response from them
so now you've turned one comment into
two comments and also besides just your
comment section I would recommend
hopping into your direct messages and
just seeing if you have any unanswered
or unresponded to or new DMS that you
could respond back to prior to posting
again everything we've done so far is
before you've even pressed post the
thought behind responding to all these
comments and direct messages is twofold
number one first and foremost you should
be responding to everyone anyways you
don't have to of course nothing is a
have to but if your goal is to get the
most out of social media well then your
goal should also be to respond to
everyone and to make sure that no
comment no question no direct message
goes unanswered so it's just a great way
of serving people treating them like
people and and really making sure that
they are appreciated for the time that
they took to comment or respond or
interact with your page you can then
interact with them that's the main goal
but the second goal for this is this
creates more engagement and more Buzz
around your account as a whole
and maybe some of those people who are
getting responses and answers to
questions from you are going to come
back to your page because they're going
to get a little notification that you
answered their question or you responded
to their message or you liked their
comment or whatever and now they're
coming back to your profile and they're
saying hey this person made a new post
and they're going to check out your new
post that you're about to post or maybe
the algorithm is more likely to show
them your new post because the algorithm
is like hey this person commented and
then the Creator commented back to them
so let's make sure that they see the new
post from this Creator as well so again
both speaking from an audience and an
algorithm perspective it is beneficial
to respond to everyone ask followup
questions and just make sure that no one
is left on red then step number three
and this is the one that I always get
the most questions about is to delete
any unnecessary stories I would actually
usually recommend that you delete
literally every single story the only
way that you would probably want to
leave a story up is if it was necessary
if it was something like you know a
birthday shout out for your wife or if
it was a sale that was ending in 6 hours
or if it was a sponsored post that you
were paid to make and so you have to
leave it up for 24 hours but besides
that if you have any other stories up
what you had for dinner last night or
some random talking head video or some
random post that you shared to your
stories delete all your stories take
them all down and this is going to make
sense as to why in just a minute but for
right now we want to delete all of our
stories and the thought here is that in
just a minute and I'll get to this and
I'll explain more when we do get to this
but we're going to be sharing our feed
post to our stories and we want it to be
hopefully the very first story up again
we'll talk about that in just a second
but for right now the last thing you're
going to do before pressing post is
delete any unnecessary stories again to
kind of revisit the whole like hey I
only have 10 minutes thing if you only
have 10 minutes spend four or five
minutes engaging thoughtfully in the
comment section with other people spend
maybe two or three or 4 minutes
responding to your own DMS and comments
of course times may vary depending on
how many comments and unanswered
messages you have it also is going to
vary depending on how much time you have
the more time you can spend answering
people and thoughtfully engaging the
better but once all of that is done we
can move on to step four which is
actually pressing post now there are
some things that I want to make sure
that we have done when we are pressing
post now there are quite a few keys that
you need to make sure you have turned on
set up enabled or disabled before you
actually press post and I actually have
14 of them written down here so let's go
go through them number one first and
foremost this one isn't necessarily a
setting in Instagram this one more
relates to your content itself the most
important part of your content whether
it is a real or a carousel or a video or
a photo any post that you make on
Instagram or even on YouTube or Tik talk
or wherever is the hook I hope by now
you have heard enough people talk about
hooks that you are tired of hearing
about hooks but if not I'm going to talk
about it a little bit more right now and
the reason that I talk about hooks so
much the reason that everyone talks
about hooks so much is that they are
that important I think that 80% of your
time energy and effort in terms of your
content creation should be spent on just
the hooks now if you struggle to come up
with engaging hooks don't worry I've got
you covered we put together a list of
the 25 most engaging hooks on social
media we did an analysis of over 3,000
viral videos we pulled out the actual
words that were said or the text on the
screen at the beginning of the video and
then we basically just ranked them we
tallied up and counted how many times
were different hooks used then we put
that into a top 25 list and made it free
for you so if you want to grab that it's
in the link down below it's again
totally free for you to download 25
viral hooks that you can apply to pretty
much any Niche because your hook is the
most important part of your video so
that's step one make sure you have a
hook step number two is to add a
location multiple Studies have shown
that adding a location to your posts
increases your engagement I think it
partially artificially increases your
engagement because many times spammers
or bot accounts will look for people who
are using location tags and then just
just go like those posts but hey even if
you get a couple likes from some random
Bots or some random spammers because
they're targeting a location I think
it's not going to necessarily hurt you
and I think that you're going to benefit
way more if people are searching like
real people are actually searching in
that area or if you're someone who has
like a physical location business or
you're geographically tied to certain
regions all of this to say add a
location to your post and it's going to
do more good than harm number three add
any collaborators if you're
collaborating with anyone else on this
post and tag anyone else who is in the
post Pro tip here I like to tag myself
in my own posts especially if it's a
carousel or a photo because often times
people will find you on the explore page
or they'll find you on the reals tab
where they're not already following you
and they'll be curious of hey who's in
this real or hey who's in this post and
if you have tagged yourself you increase
the likelihood that someone is then
clicking on and visiting your profile so
little Pro tip here tag yourself in your
own posts my fourth key before you
actually press post this one is
specifically for reals is to rename your
original audio so that that way instead
of it just saying original audio- brock1
Johnson it will be named to whatever it
is that you want it to be named there's
two different ways that you could name
your real audio the first way that you
could name it is if you wanted other
people to reuse it if that's the case if
it's like a short sound bite or some
funny audio clip and you want other
people to use this audio then name it
something that describes the audio maybe
if there's like a certain phrase in the
audio or like maybe the first few few
words of the audio is something really
memorable name your audio after that
that way it can easily be found and it
makes sense the other school of thought
with renaming your audio and this one is
specifically if you're creating an audio
that you don't think other people are
going to reuse because let's say it's
like a 45 second talking head audio of
you talking directly to the camera and
the likelihood that someone else uses
that audio on their reel is probably
super low so what you can do if this is
the case is instead use your renamed
audio as kind of like a call to action
I'll put something like don't forget to
save or like this real or share with a
friend I'll add a little call to action
to the audio space because the audio
name will show up at the top of the Reel
and it's just a little subliminal
message that hopefully increases the
likelihood that people engage number
five make sure that the audience of your
real is set to everyone and not just
your close friends number six make sure
that profile display is set to main grid
and reals grid not just reals grid that
way you're going to maximize the
potential views and reach of this real
number seven make sure that upload at
highest quality is turned on and by the
way this would be a good time to check
to make sure that you're on Wi-Fi you're
connected and your Wi-Fi is running at
the highest speed possible number eight
enable closed captions and translated
closed captions this one is huge number
nine allow people to download your reels
number 10 and this might be kind of
confusing because it's kind of a double
negative but disable don't let others
use this as a template so there's a
setting that says don't let others use
this as a template make sure that that
is turned off which then thus allows
people to use your real as a template
it's just a nice way for Instagram to
allow other people to create reels that
are similar to yours and there's some
thought that if you allow others to use
your reel as a template then Instagram
wants to reward those kinds of reels and
thus show them to more people number 11
enable recommend on Facebook that way if
you do have your Facebook account linked
to your Instagram you can get some more
potential views on Facebook and a lot of
people report getting much higher views
on Instagram and on Facebook when
turning on this setting that's for the
settings but I do have three more things
to remember before you actually press
post it's number 12 on the list the mini
skirt Rule The Minis skirt rule is
something that we've talked about here
before it was named by one of our insta
clubhub members and the miniskirt rule
is essentially an answer to the question
of how long should my reels be which is
I'm sure a question that you've had
should my reels be 1 second should they
be 90 seconds or should they be
somewhere in between what I can tell you
is this there is no golden ticket number
there is no magic length of reel that is
going to always perform the best or
performs the best for every single
account what I can tell you is that
generally shorter is better generally
speaking it's better to be more concise
more tight and more cleaned up with your
reel but you still need your reel to be
long enough to cover the important bits
to cover the important moments of course
if your real is only 1 second long that
can often times annoy people and leave
them feeling like they're confused or
like they didn't really get what they
wanted out of the real like the real
didn't really tell them anything besides
read the caption and so the miniskirt
rule is this you your reels should be
long enough to cover the important bits
but short enough to hold attention you
probably won't never forget that that's
number 12 number 13 on the pre-post or
the kind of like right as you're posting
checklist is to make sure that you are
posting what is called sharew worthy
content now sharew worthy content is a
whole another topic sharew worthy
content is the best kind of content on
Instagram it's the best kind of real
it's the best topic or the best kind of
video to get the most views so if views
is really your goal I would recommend
checking out an episode of the podcast
that we did a few weeks ago titled three
new Instagram algorithms what you need
to know to get views check that out
because in that I go in depth into what
is sharew worthy content and sharew
worthy content is really the secret
sauce to Growing despite whatever is
going on with the algorithm or whatever
is going on with supply and demand
Shares are the secret and so of course
sharew worthy content is how you achieve
shares so make sure to check that out
and then 14th last but not least when
we're talking about your content make
sure that you end your post with a call
to action now when I say end your post
most people put their call to action at
the bottom of the caption news flash if
you put your call to action at the
bottom of the caption most people will
not even see it or read it because most
people won't even read your caption to
begin with so instead I recommend
putting your call to action in the
actual video imagine like if you're
watching this podcast or listening to
this YouTube video right now and I just
put at the bottom of the description
don't forget to like this podcast very
few people would even see it but instead
if I put it on the screen right now or I
say it right now in the podcast which
I'm going to don't forget to like this
podcast if you're listening on a podcast
app don't forget to hit subscribe if
you're watching on YouTube don't forget
to give us a thumbs up I'm putting the
call to action in the actual video that
way the consumer which right now is you
is more likely to actually see and or
hear it but all right those are the 14
steps I know that was a lot that all was
step number before which was actually
pressing post on this new post all right
now you have actually pressed post and
the work is done right you can just turn
off your phone and go about and enjoy
your day not quite of course you can if
that's what you want to do but the point
of this video and the point of this
entire episode is maximizing your views
so if you want to maximize your views
you're actually only halfway done with
your work and the work really starts in
my opinion once you have pressed post
now that your post is out in the world
and it's visible to people what are we
going to do first and foremost we are
going to comment on our own post that
means we're actually going to press the
little comments button and we're going
to write a comment on our own post and
we are going to in that comment add
three to five hashtags that are specific
to our actual content and to our Niche
and we're going to add three to five
hashtags that are specific to both that
post itself and to our account as a
whole so hashtags are definitely
something that have changed over the
last few years hashtags used to be
essential for views and for going viral
hashtags are far less impactful nowadays
but what I can tell you is that
generally speaking your posts aren't
going to really be hurt by your hashtags
unless you're using a banned hashtag
which you can check on Google to figure
out if your hashtag is banned but
generally speaking use three to five
hashtags that are specific to your
content that is the post that you just
made make sure that your hashtags
basically describe that post and then
make sure that your hashtags describe
your account or the kinds of things that
you normally post about on your account
and really focus on specificity here so
if you were let's say a beginner rock
climbing coach you wouldn't put #
Mountain # Outdoors # nature those are
way too General way too broad instead
you would do hash beginner rock climbing
tips and maybe even hashtagging whatever
that specific post was about so let's
say you were making a post for beginner
rock climbers about the best gear to
wear you would put # beginner rock
climber equipment or beginner rock
climber gear beginner rock climber
clothes something like that something
that's super specific to your post and
to the niche and the reason that we're
commenting this on our own post is that
it doesn't make a difference whether
your hashtags are placed in the comment
section or if they're placed in your
actual typed out caption below your post
doesn't make a difference your post is
going to get the same amount of views
however from what I have found it just
looks better when it's in the comment
section it's kind of like tucked away
down there and it doesn't visually
detract or take away from your caption
and so that's why I usually recommend
putting your hashtags in your comments
but again it doesn't make a difference
in terms of post performance moving on
now step number six is to share your own
post to your story and we're doing this
for two reasons number one if it's a
real the views on your story count so if
someone watches your story and your real
is shared to that story The View counts
even if they don't click on the real
even if they don't interact with the
story at all even if they only watch the
story for one second and they tap on to
the next story that counts as a view on
your real but even more than those views
we want people to see the real on your
story and want to click on it to learn
more click on it to engage click on it
to read your caption click on it to read
or watch the full thing that's why we're
sharing it to your story and so in order
to increase the odds that this is
happening when you share your real to
your story we're going to add context to
it we're not just going to share the
Reel and have it cover up the whole
screen and then put like a big sticker
over the top that says new real and then
we tryy to like just get people to click
because it's a new real or we try to
like trick people into clicking by
putting the real right where their
finger would tap anyways we're not doing
that we're adding text we're adding
context we're adding things that create
curiosity we're adding background we're
adding explanation we're adding
additional tips basically we're creating
a story that can really stand on its own
but that ultimately is trying to get
people to click on the real so I already
just listed some of the things that I
like to do but really I like to focus on
creating curiosity which is usually done
through asking a question or getting
people thinking about a topic they've
never thought about before sometimes I
will use the hook of my reel to help me
think about hey what could I put as a
hook on this story to draw people in and
want to get them to click on the real
maybe there's some sort of stat you can
share maybe there's extra context you
can give for the real or extra tips that
you can give for the Reel uh all of this
just trying to get people to actually
click on the post because once they
click on it of course they're that much
more likely to even engage with it step
number seven in this process in this
formula is to comment again on our own
post we're going to comment a second
time on our own post but this time we're
not just commenting a list of three to
five hashtags we're commenting with some
sort of question or some sort of like
funny statement or like side comment or
we're adding context in a comment and
then we're going to pin said comments so
it's the first comment that people see
this is something that I do on almost
every single one of my posts and it's a
great way to just break the ice get the
conversation going ask a question that
people can respond to or maybe add some
funny comment that your most engaged
followers are then going to see this
could even be a great time to repeat
your call to action or to add some
additional tips or or clarification for
something that you wrote maybe in the
caption and again going back to this
thought of like 10 minutes or less if
you're someone who's really short on
time pretty much everything that we've
done since posting only takes a few
seconds takes a few seconds to write out
your hashtags a few seconds to share it
to your story and add some context and a
few seconds to add a comment onto your
own post that gets the conversation
going then from there this next thing
will vary in terms of how long that it
takes based off of how much engagement
and interaction you're getting but the
next thing that you're going to do is
respond to every single comment of
course this is something that I
recommend doing always anyways but
especially especially right after you
post those first 10 to 15 even 30 or 60
minutes after after you post are crucial
for the long-term success or failure of
your post so right after you post if
you're getting comments and people are
interacting make sure that you are
responding to them that you're
responding as fast as possible and that
you are responding with a question try
it I know I I said this earlier but try
your best to ask follow-up questions it
gets the conversation going it treats
people like people it rewards them quite
literally for interacting with you
there's this thing in relationship
psychology that the Gans talk about from
The gotman Institute called bids and
bids are essentially when one person is
saying to another person whether it's in
a romantic relationship a friendship a
colleague whatever basically it's a bid
for attention it's a little common it's
like when you're driving with your
friend in the car and they're like oh
look a cow we've all seen cows before
but it's a bid for connection and
ultimately that's what many of these
comments are on our posts even the least
engaged and the least thoughtful comment
possible like a heart or a laughing
emoji is still at the end of the day a
bid for our attention it's a bid for
engagement and so when someone reaches
out to you and bids for your attention
respond back ask a follow-up question
treat them like people I've heard it
said that you should match or exceed
their level of enthusiasm so if someone
only says one word they say awesome you
could say thank you I appreciate it so
now you've done two sentences to match
or exceed their one sentence if someone
says this is such a great post I found
it really insightful where did you learn
this that's three sentences and a
question so you should respond with
three or four sentences and a question
of your own to keep the conversation
going and to match or exceed their own
level of Engagement then step number
nine and this is something that I kind
of alluded to earlier is go back to all
of your previous posts the posts that
were made before the most recent one the
one that you're actually trying to get
the most views on go back to all those
previous posts and press the heart
button next to every comment also known
as like every comment again these are
comments that you've already responded
to because hopefully you either
responded to them when they came in or
you responded to them before this new
post was made but now you're just going
to go through and you're going to like
all of the comments this has been shown
to increase the likelihood that the that
person who left the comment in the first
place increases the likelihood that they
see your new post because the algorithm
thinks oh hey there's some interaction
going on here so we should make sure
that this person sees the new post and
also because the person gets a little
notification that you just liked their
their comment and so their curiosity
says what was the comment what was the
post who is this person again and they
tap on your profile they tap on your
page they tap on your new post so go
back through any of your previous posts
and just like all of the comments it's
something that won't flag or or spam
your account it also won't spam the
person who commented in the first place
because they're only getting one single
notification unless they commented like
40 times on one Post in that case only
like one of their comments don't like
all 40 but it just gives them a single
notification and it increases the
likelihood that they see your new post
and then last but not least my final tip
for you to maximize the views on your
reals is to do what's called cross
promotion cross promotion essentially
means take your reel and promote it on
other channels there's a few different
ways you could do this and if you think
about it posting your real to your
Instagram stories is kind of a form of
cross promotion but that's the obvious
one that's the one that most people
think of and many people already do so
there's some other ways that I want to
list off right now that you might not
think of if you have a broadcast channel
on Instagram which if you don't I highly
recommend starting one we've done an
episode of the podcast a few months ago
now actually all about broadcast
channels how to use them and actually
how to sell within broadcast channels
and how to use them for business um but
broadcast channels are awesome I love my
broadcast channel I have like 7,000
members in it right now and if I have a
post that I really want to make sure
people see I will send it in my
broadcast channel the key here is again
just like your Instagram stories add
context create curiosity ask a question
give background make sure that it's not
just like hey guys go like my new post
but give them a reason to actually want
to then of course you could promote your
new real outside of Instagram you could
go to threads or Twitter or Tik Tok or
Facebook or wherever and post the link
up there you could shout it out you
should again add context or background
or something that creates curiosity but
sharing you a real to these other
socials even if these other socials are
small even if you only have like 10
followers on Twitter or 15 followers on
threads sharing your real onto those
platforms might equate to a couple extra
viewers and a couple extra viewers from
a couple extra platforms could snowball
into hundreds or thousands of more
viewers on Instagram reals of course if
you also have an email list or an SMS
list or a contact list you could
definitely uh send out an email blast or
a Text Blast to your list about this new
post I wouldn't recommend emailing your
email list every single time you post a
new reel on Instagram but if you have a
super important real that you really
want to make sure people see and you
really want to make sure your views are
at their absolute Peak like they're
absolute sealing the most views that you
can get you're getting the maximum
amount of juice for your squeeze then
you could send an email to your email
list with the new post and then of
course A lot of times people forget
other Instagram accounts so if you have
an Instagram account for your dog you
could view it and like it and even share
it to your dog's Instagram stories or if
you like run multiple social media
accounts cuz you're a social media
manager of course check with the
business or the owner that of the
company that you're managing for but I
know people manage some of my social
media accounts and sometimes I see that
they're going in and liking their own
posts no harm no shame no foul in that
if you want to use your other accounts
especially if they're other accounts
that you actually own and they're not
just accounts that you're operating but
they're actually accounts that you have
started heck go in and engage with your
own posts and hey sidebar you can like
your own post as well I like every
single post that I put out there the
algorithm won't penalize you for that
and it's not weird at all I know most
people I shouldn't say most people I
know a lot of people who have millions
of followers who still like all of their
own post so uh basically just be your
own biggest fan be your own biggest
supporter use your other channels to
promote this new post and make sure that
it's getting the most views possible
again I know it's tough sleding out
there I know it's challenging right now
to grow things will get better things
will improve and if you follow the 10
steps on this checklist that I shared
with you today you will Max imiz your
views you will get the most views
possible on your new post thank you so
much for listening today if you enjoyed
this episode don't forget to subscribe
for more episodes just like this and I
will see you next week as always happy
[Music]
networking yeah